hello and welcome here by public peace
Adrienne here so many of you asked me to
do a presentation of my fog so here it
is it is the first fog we built Omega
hive it's made of two different woods
the top is from maple and it has two
wings from mahogany and the middle part
is from maple - it's a set in neck
construction the neck is from maple with
a piece of mahogany think about from
ebony it has a very comfortable shaping
that becomes one with your body here you
have two humbuckers from base culture in
wooden covers there are blade pickups
with neodym magnets
it's equipped with 3-way null electronic
it's volume push-pull for active passive
and balanced middle base tribal we have
two switches to choose between humbucker
and single coil the switch for the neck
pickup the switch for the bridge pickup
the nut has been filed away so the head
gets the most possible vibration of the
strings also it helps learning not to
move the left hand too much this helps
me achieve a great tone this is the way
I make my sound all knobs are in middle
position I adjust the balance a little
bit more to the bridge pickup the neck
pickup is only for the
best references most of the sound comes
from this pickup I fade out the high
frequencies completely sometimes I
reduce the middle frequencies to I only
use the equaliser counterclockwise
Oh
and now I'm going to play a short
version of my composition plague